The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Dixie Druggist, May, 1913, by Anonymous

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org/license


Title: The Dixie Druggist, May, 1913
       A Monthly Publication Issued to the Retail Drug Trade of the South

Author: Anonymous

Release Date: September 2, 2016 [EBook #52969]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE DIXIE DRUGGIST, MAY, 1913 ***




Produced by The Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
generously made available by The Internet Archive)










                                  THE
                            DIXIE DRUGGIST

                 _A Monthly Publication Issued to the
                    Retail Drug Trade of the South_

                               MAY, 1913

                            [Illustration]

     To meet with big success, one must be sometimes very bold and
       sometimes very prudent. It is by looking forward that one
    prevents inconveniences. So arrange your affairs that, whatever
      storm may sweep over you, you may not be taken unawares or
                              unprepared.

                         --NAPOLEON BONAPARTE

                          THE DIXIE DRUGGIST
     BLACKWELDER-RIDDLE BUILDING                  HICKORY, N. C.

    +-----------------------------------------------------+
    |                                                     |
    |                 JOBBERS’ DIRECTORY                  |
    |                                                     |
    +--------------------------+--------------------------+
    |  POWERS-TAYLOR DRUG CO.  |      DR. T. C. SMITH     |
    |   _Wholesale Druggists_  | _Wholesale Druggist and_ |
    |       RICHMOND, VA.      | _Manufacturing Chemist_  |
    |                          |      ASHEVILLE, N. C.    |
    +--------------------------+--------------------------+
    |                          |                          |
    |                          |                          |
    |                          |                          |
    +--------------------------+--------------------------+
    |                          |                          |
    |     SEND FOR RATES       |       TAKE A SPACE       |
    |                          |                          |
    +--------------------------+--------------------------+
    |                          |                          |
    |                          |                          |
    |                          |                          |
    +--------------------------+--------------------------+
    |                          |                          |
    |                          |                          |
    |                          |                          |
    +--------------------------+--------------------------+
    |                                                     |
    |                 THE DIXIE DRUGGIST                  |
    |                                                     |
    |    Should be read by every Druggist in the South.   |
    |                                                     |
    | You will find that there are some articles in every |
    |     number that are worth the price of a year’s     |
    |                     subscription.                   |
    |                                                     |
    |_Send us your name right now while you think of it._ |
    |                                                     |
    |                 THE DIXIE DRUGGIST                  |
    |                                                     |
    |     HICKORY,                     NORTH CAROLINA     |
    +-----------------------------------------------------+




THE DIXIE DRUGGIST

A MONTHLY MAGAZINE FOR SOUTHERN DRUGGISTS.

“Covers the South like the Sunshine”

    BLACKWELDER-RIDDLE BUILDING             HICKORY, N. C.

    Vol. 1                May, 1913                 No. 2




“Is There a Crisis in the Drug Business”

By JOHN I. KELLY

A Paper Read Before the Baltimore Retail Druggists Association

Monday, March 10, 1913


_Mr. President and Gentlemen_:

The subject, “Is There a Crisis in the Drug Business,” which your
president has unfortunately selected me to discuss, is so vitally
interesting and important to each of you that I suppose there may
be a great many here who have given much more thought, and are so
far more versed on the subject than I, that any feeble effort of
mine would suggest no new thought, supply no new theories or give
subject-matter with which you are not already familiar. However, as I
have been requested to give a personal opinion, I ask your indulgence,
particularly if my efforts do supply nothing new and are only in the
nature of a review.

The “Crisis in the Drug Business,” referred to and discussed by
many, pro and con, seems to pertain particularly to the prescription
end of it, and as such will be most considered. “Crisis,” meaning a
“vitally important or decisive state of things, the point at which a
change must come, either for the better or worse,” somewhat describes
the situation, though it has been a gradual evolution, approaching
slowly, almost stealthily, until now, aroused, the condition seems
acute, apparently a sudden and startling metamorphosis. It may be more
properly described, however, as a gradual but decided revolution in
conduct and method of business, partly due to natural conditions over
which the druggist has no control, and partly to changes which he has
been slow to realize and slower to adapt himself.

These changes we shall divide into scientific and commercial. Through
laboratory research work, modern medical science has progressed to such
an extent that in some diseases the form of medication has changed
entirely, while in others medication is reduced to a minimum. Chemical
combinations, synthetics, biological products, vaccines, etc., have all
in a natural sequence deprived the pharmacist of many prescriptions.

The various salts of mercury and potash have been to some extent
replaced by salvarsin and copavia, nitre, menthelene blue seem about
to be effected by gonococcous vaccine and anti-gonococcic serum. Your
gargles, douches, sprays, external and internal medication have to
a considerable extent been supplanted some time ago by anti-toxin,
and so on, but the unfortunate side of it is that in cities such as
ours much more of these products are supplied through the health
department and the hospitals than through the legitimate channel of
trade, the druggist, and oftentimes to many undeserving people. Some
family physicians, who are nothing more than diagnosing agents for
the specialists, and who, when called in to see the sick, immediately
consult a specialist, with the result that in about 50 per cent.
of the cases the subject generally finds his or her way into the
hospital. The great number of dispensaries in our community, with their
indiscriminate service and consequent unbridled abuse, is another cause
for the falling off in the prescription business.

The surgeon, the X-ray, radium, etc., all play their individual part in
the decline of prescriptions. These are a few of the reasons for a more
or less elimination of prescription writing, for which we may say that
science is either directly or indirectly the contributing cause.


THE COMMERCIAL SIDE.

Several times agents for tablet houses have called on me and said: “Dr.
So and So has just given me a little order, or intends to increase his
line of our goods; of course, we don’t sell doctors direct, so if you
will let me send these goods through you I will bill them straight,
subject to a 10 per cent. discount to you; this means business for me
and 10 per cent. on the doctor’s purchase for you. In other words, I
was to guarantee their bill, wait for my money until the doctor was
ready to pay, and act as their collecting agent, for all of which
the above traveling man most magnanimously offered the above highly
remunerative 10 per cent. and this for the worst enemy the druggist
has--the dispensing doctor. That gentleman who pays no taxes on his
stock and fixtures, needs no traders’ license, is subject to no drug
inspection, who is insincere with his patients, and needs but the
occasion to discredit druggists, as a whole, in furthering his schemes
of diverting from the proper channels that which rightfully does not
belong to him.”

Another reason is the mistake made at times by the druggists, as a
body, of often plunging headlong, and with the purest motives possible,
into any vortex created by a few overzealous men, both physicians and
pharmacists, who are more often theorists than practical druggists,
and to illustrate my point I recall an incident of more or less recent
occurrence that tended to inspire little confidence of thoughtful
physicians in them as a whole.

Various medical associations, pharmaceutical associations, and nearly
every journal allied to medicine and the drug trade decried the use
of hand-me-downs. The committee on revision of the N. F. immediately
offered us a number of preparations of varying merit, that were not
even good substitutes for the above, and these I have understood at the
suggestion of some physicians.

Glycerinated Elix. Gentian, if made according to formula, with its
excessive amount of solution of saccharine and its repulsively
excessive amount of acetic ether, would never supplant the preparation
it was intended to take the place of.

Pulv. Acetanilid Comp. is as dangerous a heart depressent as the
nostrum it was supposed to displace.

We were told that Lactopeptine was too expensive to use as a vehicle,
and was worth not a continental medicinally; that Pancreatin and
diastase were destroyed by Pepsin in the presence of an acid; besides,
after the chemists of the A. M. A. were through their analysis, they
found there was so little Pepsin that it was scarcely worth mentioning,
but if the doctor wanted a good pharmaceutical we could supply Pulv.
Pepsin Comp. or Elix. Digestive Comp., either just as good, not quite
so expensive, and certainly would do no more harm. Associations printed
proprietaries and substitutes side by side and launched this matter as
a propaganda of education for the physicians; material that filled no
void, supplied no deficiency and appealed to many only as a means to
increased profit.

That some physicians did prescribe was only because they had more
confidence in the druggists as compounders of the above preparations
than they had in the manufacturers of the nostrum; because they were
friendly enough with the individual druggist to open an opportunity
for a little better profit; because they thought their patients would
be more economically handled; but had the revisionists advanced a few
scientific combinations, elegant pharmaceuticals or easily prepared
chemicals, they would have given the druggist better material for
propaganda work and appealing agents to most physicians. It was,
however, to a certain extent a wasted effort, lacking in conception,
devoid of originality and decidedly wanting in producing lasting
results. So much for some of the contributing causes.

_Now for the effect._ Business conditions have undoubtedly changed.
This applies not only to the drug business, but to every line of trades
or professions.

Our good old friend, the family doctor, has felt the effects of the
surgeon, the specialist, the hospital, the dispensary.

Lawyers, the effect of the title guarantee companies and syndicated law.

The dry goods and notion business has been revolutionized into
department stores.

The horse dealers, horseshoers and carriage builders must feel the
introduction of the motor vehicle.

Laborers have felt the innovation of the steam shovel, etc.

I could go on almost indefinitely, but these changed conditions are the
outcome of science or commercialism, and are inevitable. Now, what is
the remedy? I had intended to say nothing on this subject, as it would
make quite an interesting paper or be food for animated discussion, but
a short consideration of this text is so intimately associated with
the subject under discussion that it seems particularly well timed.
We are on the eve of still another “crisis”--a “crisis” that partly
answers the question, “What is the remedy?” and a close investigation
will discover that a pronounced reaction is setting in against many of
the products of the laboratory physicians and the faddists who have led
their more gullible fellow-practitioners to adopt their experimental
novelties and reluctantly have found that practicing medicine without
the materia medica is like playing Hamlet without the Melancholy Dane.

The reckless use of biological products, vaccines, etc., is even
now being severely handled by both medical and lay journals, and as
interesting reading I would call your attention to two articles, one a
serious editorial in the Journal of the American Medical Association
under date of February 22, 1913, page 602, entitled “Phylacogens,”
and the other in a lighter vein, entitled “Medicine,” by Cobb, in the
Saturday Evening Post of November 30, 1912.

The man who seeks the little things generally gets the little sought;
the man who hunts big game, and is persistent, most often makes a good
bag, but the old adage, “Everything comes to him who waits,” may have
applied years ago, but many theories and much fact disprove it now.
There are still going to be sick people to prescribe for and doctors
to do the prescribing. Someone must fill the prescriptions. Who is
it to be? It is going to be the man who can shape and mold himself
to conditions as they arise. Most doctors are your friends. Even
now the ties are becoming more firmly cemented. He is dependent on
you to a certain extent. Be fair with him, and he will in most cases
reciprocate. And last, but not least, just for a suggestion, lend your
aid to some concerted action to control the dispensary evil by having
all applicants for treatment first obtain pauper cards from the Police
Department or Federal Charities, then see that the dispensing doctor
is placed on an equal business footing with you, have him pay his
legitimate taxes on his stock, take out a traders’ license, let the
drug inspector examine his stock for purity and potency, and finally,
see if there is not some way of reaching the gentlemen, for to my
mind a physician has no greater right to practice pharmacy without
registration than a druggist has to prescribe.

Pharmacy is a profession of the highest order, a sort of composite
type, requiring the manipulative skill of the mechanic with the
technical knowledge of the professional man, and demanding above all
other professions at all times a clear head and an immediate and
scrupulous knowledge of your subject. There is no profession where
demands are so exacting and mistakes more consequential.

Still you have seen your profession tossed and buffeted about like a
ship on a stormy sea. You have had your honesty questioned by a certain
class of physicians when it suited their purpose; you have been called
substitutors in patent medicine literature and advertisements; you have
stood endless vilification from one source or another and retained a
calm, dispassionate silence, an indifference so intense as to become
startling in its apparent acquiescence.

Can you blame the public for believing some of the things said about
you when not so much as a word of defense or a syllable of protest is
offered in rebuttal?

As individuals you can protect yourself but feebly and accomplish
but little; united you must be a power. Every one of you wields an
influence, great or small, that in the aggregate will well be worth
catering to, if you work as a unit. You have it within your power to do
much of mutual benefit if, as a body, you work toward a common goal.
Decide in meetings on that which is best; start with a thorough plan;
play politics, if necessary, but that politics that knows no party but
the one that is willing to prove your friend and help you realize your
needs. All the resolutions passed, all the enthusiasm demonstrated in
your meetings will amount to nothing and you will revert into a mutual
admiration society unless followed up by every ounce of alertness,
activity and aggressiveness that your various committees and your
massed membership can summon to their aid. Yours is a worthy cause; one
that demands justice and equity, and in all fairness to yourselves, you
want to enter it with that energy that brings success. You can remain
passive no longer; you must be up and doing and your rights cannot be
denied you if your demands are honorable, just and consistent, and I am
sure they will be.

Every letter, magazine article and trade journal containing short
essays from druggists scattered the length and breadth of this great
land of ours sound the same note, strike the same chord, and are united
in one grand chorus of perfect harmony the summary of whose song is
“Corrective Laws and Unity.”

Our great trouble seems to be that we lack union and concerted action
on important matters. Laws are enacted and enforced by every line of
tradesmen, mechanics, professional men, and even laborers, protecting
their individual interests, and which we all must live up to, whether
we consider them fair or unfair.

Your plumbing must be done by none, however skilled, but a registered
plumber, and the law is positive. Arguments before your law courts can
be conducted by no one, no matter how able, unless he be a registered
lawyer, and the law is definite. No one dares to practice medicine
who is unregistered, and the law is explicit, but where do the rights
of the pharmacist begin and where do they end? The unrestrained and
indiscriminate sale of medicines by department stores, the corner
grocery, patent medicine shops and what not, whose proprietors are not
only unregistered, but whose only knowledge is to handle it like the
rest of the merchandise they sell, without any restriction, makes us
feel like we wasted time in becoming registered at all.

Is antikamnia more potent when dispensed as a prescription than
antikamnia sold in 25-cent boxes by department stores?

Does paregoric sold on a doctor’s prescription require greater
technical skill in handling than that sold in 5-cent and 10-cent
bottles at the corner grocery?

Does the strength, purity or therapeutic value of tablets of asperin,
calomel or pills of quinine dispensed by the druggist on prescription
vary from those peddled by the dry goods stores in 100 lots?

Does the registration of pharmacists mean simply a guarantee of
competency to fill prescriptions?

Should drugs of a questionable degree of potency be given
indiscriminately to the public, without someone who understands them to
either recommend or advise against their use?

Is not the competition waged in the traffic of medicines to an
irresponsible public by houses without registered proprietors in
fact considered in an entirely different line of business, as much a
hardship to the big druggist as to the little man, simply a question of
proportion, and if continued must mean but one thing, “the survival of
the fittest?”

Suppose we turn from drugs and chemicals to other forms of medication.
What protection have any of you? Only very recently one of the large
general merchants advertised vaccine virus, and actually vaccinated his
customers.

But the druggist lies supinely by, with scarcely a murmur of protest,
while National, State and Municipal laws are made for him. Laws
that are definite, made to prosecute, to handle him criminally and
contemptuously; that afford no protection, allow not the slightest
leeway, are as fragile as glass apparently for others, but for him as
unyielding and inflexible as steel, and as positive as the Decalogue;
made by men who have no practical knowledge of the business, know
little, and inform themselves less on the matter they are legislating.
Why does the druggist submit? Has he become callous through long
exposure to this condition? Does he hope to win his immortal crown
through his great humility and patience, or does he accept as a fact
that he is following a well-defined precedent, for as far back as
Shakespeare’s time we find Romeo saying to the apothecary:

    “Upon thy back hangs ragged misery.
    The world is not thy friend, nor the world’s law.
    The world affords no law to make thee rich;
    Then be not poor, but break it, and take this, etc.”

But, unlike Romeo, I advise obedience and respect for the laws you
have. Make the best of them until such time may arrive when we can
demand equitable treatment; when you will live under laws formulated by
yourselves; when your laws protect, and do not discriminate or oppress;
when the dignity of pharmacy is akin, at least, to other professions.
It may be at a distance, but the longest road oft-times has many short
cuts, so it is with you now to take the initiatory step, for, as the
saying goes, “Something attempted, something done,” any movement toward
a realization of our ideals should be eagerly sought and accepted.

You have the blood and sinews of the drug trade of the town among
you. As an association, don’t follow the paths of your predecessors.
Establish an individuality by doing things differently from others.
Let every man pledge his moral, and, if necessary, his financial
support, and stick to it. Let us prepare a new path and tempt
Opportunity, and when that great, but elusive and fickle dame, should
appear, make her welcome so sincere and royal that the good lady would
not deign to leave.

Unite in your efforts; combine in your legislative matters, combine
on educational features; combine on social relations; combine on
grievances; combine with your ways and means committee. We have a
common cause to work for. Every man is as vitally interested as the
other, and has as much at stake, HIS ALL. And I am sure by unity
of action on matters well discussed in meetings, much of material
advantage can be accomplished, and before the sun sets on many another
year many trade defect will be on a fair way to be remedied, and what
now appear to be breakers ahead will subside, calmed by the oil of
Prosperity, to make easy sailing for the Good Old Ship Contentment.

[Illustration: A MODERN FOUNTAIN--SIMPLE AND INVITING. IN THE STORE OF
DAVIS DRUG COMPANY, FORT SMITH, ARK.]




Around the Drug Stores


The Palace Drug Store, Marfa, Texas, recently purchased by Cecil Booth,
has been enlarged and remodeled.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Gwyn Drug Store, Mt. Airy, N. C., is now completed and presents
an unusually handsome appearance. Mr. John Marrion, druggist of
considerable experience, has purchased an interest in the drug company,
and with Mr. Joe Gwyn will give Mt. Airy an up-to-date store in
every particular. Mr. Marrion will have charge of the prescription
department. _The Leader_ says that Mr. Gwyn and Mr. Marrion make a team
that is hard to beat.

       *       *       *       *       *

Francis & Mackey, Luling, Texas, have made numerous improvements in
their drug store.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Shannon Drug Company, Charlotte, Texas, will occupy one of the new
brick buildings recently erected by Roos Brothers in that city.

       *       *       *       *       *

The new Fallis Building, Pleasureville, Ky., when completed will be
occupied by the City Drug Store. The building occupies a very prominent
position next to the Deposit Bank. The second floor will be used as an
Opera House.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Owl Drug Store, Temple, Texas, has installed a very handsome
electric sign in front of its building, and is attracting considerable
attention to the store.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. “Jim” Pearce, who has been in the drug business in Atlanta, Ga., is
now connected with Dr. Dallas Williams’ drug store in Folkston, Ga.

       *       *       *       *       *

Dr. T. H. Aull, Bowling Green, Ky., is making extensive alterations to
his drug store.

       *       *       *       *       *

The firm of Robertson & Law, Gainesville, Ga., has been dissolved, Mr.
Law having purchased the interest of Dr. Robertson. The business will
be continued at the same stand under the name of DeLacy Law.

       *       *       *       *       *

Dr. Brown, who has been employed at the L. C. Small Drug Store, Macon,
Ga., as pharmacist, has been made manager of the store. Dr. Brown was
at one time connected with the sales force of Parke, Davis & Co., and
later was in the drug business in Eatonton, Ga.

       *       *       *       *       *

Cochran & Riley, Jackson, Tenn., have opened their second store in
that city. This is known as the City Drug Store, and is said to be
a very handsome store. In fact, one of the handsomest in the State.
The new store has a metal ceiling and the fixtures are of mahogany.
A very large mirror, 78 × 90 inches, occupies a position in front of
the prescription case. In the centre of the store is a very handsome
fountain, having 50 feet of serving space. This is the only fountain in
Jackson that is located in the centre of a store.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Powe Drug Company, Laurens, S. C., has opened a store in the
building formerly occupied by the Dodson, Edwards Co. The store is in
charge of D. J. H. Powe, assisted by Mr. James Hill, formerly of Cheraw.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Boyd Drug Company, Watertown, Tenn., has made an assignment to F.
A. Young, cashier of the Bank of Watertown.

       *       *       *       *       *

R. S. McClaren, for many years with the prescription department of
the Nance Drug Store, Jackson, Tenn., is now with the manufacturing
department of the Tri-Tone Drug Company. Mr. J. T. Cross, of Memphis,
succeeds him.




The Druggist’s Duty Concerning Coal Tar Derivatives

By F. M. SIGGINS

_Proceedings of Pennsylvania Pharmaceutical Association._


I am not a physician, I am even ignorant of the simplest forms of
disease which many druggists are familiar with, and my excuse for the
ignorance is, that I have studiously avoided that line of study, that I
might have less incentive for the so-called art of counter prescribing.

But if I am weak in the knowledge of disease, I hope I have not spent
thirty years behind the drug counter without using my faculties of
observation, and in as short a time as possible, I wish to register my
emphatic objection to the further open sale and use of the coal tar
derivatives, and I follow with my reasons.

My first notice of their danger was brought to me 25 years ago, in the
early days of Acetanilid, by a physician, who gave large doses, and was
enthusiastic over the results, and saw no harm in its use. A few months
later I noticed that the doses had been cut down 65 per cent., and I
enquired the cause. “Well,” says he, “I nearly killed half a dozen of
my best friends, and I thought it time to stop.”

As the years rolled on, scarcely a month passed by, but what some
incident occurred that told me we have admitted into common use the
most dangerous drugs ever placed upon the pages of our text books. I
have taken 2½ grain doses of acetphenetidin with salol at various times
for colds and rheumatism, and thought for years that it did me no harm,
but now I am reluctantly compelled to acknowledge the contrary. For
after two or three days’ use, with a dosage of 2½ grains three or four
times a day I find myself almost completely benumbed and heart action
very weak. And as I recall it I have always had these symptoms, though
less pronounced, and yet it has taken years, with all my knowledge of
the drug, to tumble to its viciousness. A physician very near to me,
commenced using the same drug in small doses and in a short time could
take as high as one dram, but he has quit. Here are the two extremes in
dosage.

Another physician gave a colored woman the well-known mixture of soda
acetanilid and caffeine and in a short time she was consuming one ounce
every two weeks. The physician and woman are both dead.

Still another M. D. who dispensed about 1000 3½ grain acetanilid
tablets per month, died with a bad heart. I do not know how many of
them he took himself, but I have always had my convictions, and I am
reasonably certain that he died without blaming the acetanilid for
his condition. Our sales for one year covering our retail trade and
a wholesale account of about 100 physicians totals 100,000 tablets
containing some one of the coal tar products. The patent headache
and pain remedies, estimated in ten cent packages, total 4000 and
the cold cures 700 boxes, while the bulk goods, covering acetanilid,
acetphenetidin, hexamethylene, sulfonal, trional, veronal, reaches 15
pounds. The profit on these goods should run about $400, but the public
is welcome to our part of it, if they will let coal tar alone, either
voluntarily or by compulsion. Now then, with these figures before us,
and with the facts plainly evident to druggist or physician who uses
any powers of discernment, what chance have the common people against
the wiles of the impertinent manufacturer who repeatedly advertises,
“Perfectly Harmless.”

I must now give you the cases which aroused in me the antagonism to the
open sale of all remedies which contain any coal tar derivative, no
matter how strongly fortified with correctives.

A close friend of mine had a young son come down with a cold, the
physician prescribed twenty powders, two grains each of acetphenetidin.
Some time after this, the box came back for a refill. I said to Jones,
“Does the Doctor want you to have these again?” He replied that he
did. This happened several times in the course of a few years, and
the boy became old enough to come to the store himself on errands,
and I could not help noticing how white and pale he was, and finally
it dawned on me what ailed that boy. I went to Jones and said to him,
“While it is none of my business, I want to tell you with all the force
possible, to quit killing that boy.” “Well,” he says, “I told my wife
what you said, and she replied, That she guessed the Doctor knew as
much as I did about it, so he had dropped it, but now I believe you
are right, and those powders stop right here.” The boy today is a fine
strapping rosy-cheeked youth. A young man of this town, a perfect giant
in strength, who could pick up my 175 pounds and throw me over his
head, became addicted to the use of one of our popular effervescent
preparations for headache. Some time after he commenced using it, I
began to warn him against the frequent dosage, till he almost quit
coming to our counter, not relishing my “preaching,” as he styled it.
I saw him, however, at all the other stores in town, and knew that he
was using it regularly. Several years passed, and some prescriptions
containing heart remedies were ordered sent to this man, later a nurse
was called. I asked the physician “What ails Brown?” “Heart trouble,”
says he, I told him what I knew, and he thanked me, not knowing the
cause.

In a few days this perfect specimen of physical manhood died,--died in
the prime of life, and with a strength that not one man in 10,000 ever
attains, died because we men, druggists, doctors, and scientists have
been so slow to recognize the slow, sneaking, insidious character of
these vicious remedies. No one can make me believe, when I pick up the
morning paper and read the same old story day after day, “that Jones
dropped dead in Texas, Smith in Maine and Black in California,” that
Coal Tar was not at the bottom of 90 per cent. of them.

For my part I am in this fight to stay, I have decreased our sales all
of one-half, by my own warnings against their use.

But how much avail am I to the ignorant young rounder, who comes out
of a night’s debauch with a big head, and who still half drunk wanders
from drug store to drug store and asks for his effervescent? No one
guilty because the busy clerk or proprietor did not know that he had
had another just 5 minutes previous. With all this knowledge before me
I have been guilty of openly pushing the sale by the distribution of
literature lauding these remedies, but no more for me.

And I ask my brother druggists not to put out any advertising which may
contain on one of its pages a recommendation for a coal tar remedy. I
also hope to soon see upon the statutes of every State a law similar to
the one concerning Cocaine of our own State.

For I maintain that Opium or Cocaine are not one-half so deadly as
Coal Tar, for while they openly show what they can do, the other works
silently till the end is near. For our part, we have quit putting up a
remedy of our own, and I have in mind the adoption of a label, to go on
the outside of all packages sold, to read something like this:

“All remedies containing acetanilid, acetphenetidin or like product of
coal tar are dangerous, and should be used with caution, in extreme
cases only, and never habitually.” Considering the effect on myself,
on the people I have sold to, the evidence of many physicians who have
found out the pernicious effects and have felt themselves compelled
to abandon or modify its use, I venture the opinion that, while it is
bad medicine for any one for regular use, on those who are extremely
susceptible to it, it soon vitiates the blood, and deprives them of
their full powers of resistance, when sudden shock or disease o’er
takes them.

Gentlemen, if by the reading of this paper, I have converted one person
to my point of view I shall feel amply rewarded for the hours spent in
its preparation.




PAT’S INDIGNATION.


Patrick, lately over, was working in the yards of a railroad. One
day he happened to be in the yard office when the force was out. The
telephone rang vigorously several times, and he at last decided it
ought to be answered. He walked over to the instrument, took down the
receiver, and put his mouth to the transmitter, just as he had seen
others do.

“Hillo!” he called.

“Hello!” answered the voice at the other end of the line. “Is this
eight-six-one-five-nine?”

“Aw, g’wan! Phwat d’ ye t’ink I am? A box car?”--_Exchange._




The Future of Pharmacy in Relation to the Modern Development of Medicine

By WILLIAM G. TOPLIS

_Proceedings of Pennsylvania Pharmaceutical Association._


The year Eighteen Hundred and Eighty-one is destined to become known
in medical and pharmaceutical history as the beginning of the most
revolutionary epoch in all of the experience of those branches of
endeavor.

That year brought forth a discovery whose importance is not yet
generally recognized. Not alone is it concerned with medicine and
pharmacy, but it has performed a most important service in engineering
projects of world-wide importance. It may be truthfully said that this
discovery and those it led up to, made possible the building of the
Panama Canal.

It was a most important factor in bringing victory to Japan and defeat
to Russia.

It is banishing pestilence from its breeding places everywhere, and
no department of life, either animal or vegetable, is beyond its
influence. It has placed the practice of medicine upon a scientific
basis, and inaugurated the era of preventive medicine. The day of
curative measures, with which we are most familiar, is passing. In most
of the cities and large communities of the world, Public Hygiene has
become a very important department of government. Observe our own city
of Philadelphia; we have there the largest water purification plant in
existence. Its effect, in that city is to reduce the number of typhoid
fever cases 80 per cent. of the former total, and perhaps 100 per cent.
of the water borne typhoid, peculiar to the Philadelphia water supply.
A case of typhoid fever commonly runs three months. In money it is
worth from fifty to one hundred dollars to the attending physician,
perhaps half of that to the druggist.

A similar change has taken place concerning diphtheria. Anti-toxin and
treatment are supplied to the patient at the expense of the communities
in by far the greater number of cases.

Smallpox is practically unknown, for similar reasons.

Bacterins as prophylactic measures against typhoid, and a number of
other diseases, are coming into increased usefulness.

Chemo Therapy. The latest advance has done astounding things. With one
treatment of 606, Salvarsan, specific disease disappears to return no
more. At least it seems so at this early date.

Much is promised from the same source in the eradication of cancer.

Leprosy, incurable, from remote antiquity, seems about to succumb to
the new enlightenment.

The extermination of tuberculosis is within hailing distance. And
so on through the whole catalogue of ills that plagued the people,
unrestrained, less than 30 years ago.

The transcendental discovery of Dr. Koch, that has made possible all
of these wonders, and many others beside, and others yet to come, is
the simple fact that microscopic organisms grow in pure culture, upon
a piece of boiled potato. This is the corner-stone upon which has
been built the whole science of modern Bacteriology. With these facts
confronting us and others of like nature to follow, we naturally turn
to inquire what effect these changes are likely to exert upon the
practice of pharmacy.

Every pharmacist has observed the greatly increased development of the
commercial side of the drug business as compared with its scientific
side, which rather seems to be accorded a secondary place in the
conduct of its affairs, regardless of the fact that this feature is the
one that gives it character, and the only one that distinguishes it
from ordinary merchandising.

Thirty years ago the physicians whom we knew were high-minded,
dignified gentlemen, who held the ethics of their profession in such
esteem that they scorned to violate them. We could not imagine any of
those, passing out a handful of tablets to an office patient for a
fifty-cent fee. And yet the man of today who practices medicine under
such conditions is to be condemned no more than his predecessors are
to be condemned, because each of them is a product of the conditions
of his day. Truly the change is to be deplored and the remedy is not
yet ready. Thus we have a dreary spectacle, the most noble calling on
God’s green foot-stool, degraded, through its commercial side, into
a mad competition for existence. There are some other causes, beside
those noted, that contribute to the same effect, such as increased
numbers of individuals practicing both medicine and pharmacy. The later
causes, however, are self-limiting and not necessarily fatal to the
calling as a business proposition, whereas, with preventive measures
well established, it is plain to all that both the practice of medicine
and pharmacy as now conducted, will come to their end.

This does not mean that both doctors and druggists will disappear
completely, but it certainly means that a new order of things is upon
the threshold.

This is the year Nineteen-Hundred and Thirteen.

Between the years 1922 and 1932 we may expect to have established a
National Board of Health, with a chief officer in the cabinet and an
organization similar to that of the Army, in which every physician and
every pharmacist will be an officer of the United States Government.
Those physicians, under the new order, who remain in the office
awaiting the call of the sick will be comparatively few in number.
The remainder will be out in the broad domain of practical Hygiene.
Every factory, farm, field, forest, stream, mines, and what not,
will then come under the watchful eye of this new Army which, with
all of the wisdom of science, will guard the health of the country,
if anything, more zealously than it is guarded against foreign foes.
Every occupational disease will be banished, every case of communicable
disease will be promptly isolated.

The men who are to perform this service will be the doctors and
druggists of today who survive at that time, together with those who
shall be hereafter graduated in those professions; not that all of
these men are at present fitted for this work, but their training and
experience make them the most available.

They will, however, be subjected to periodic examinations that shall
determine their advance and pay, and each one will gravitate into the
place that best suits his capacity.

The pay of these men will be suitable to the dignity of their calling,
certainly not less than that of a lieutenant in the United States Army.

Under this new order the people will receive their medicine and medical
treatment upon the same plan that they now receive their public school
education.

To the incredulous, it may be said that the people of Philadelphia
alone spend annually fifteen millions of dollars for medical treatment
and medicine. Under the new system the cost would be less than half of
that sum, and the people will receive better attention than at present.

Schools of medicine and pharmacy will be government institutions, as
are West Point and Annapolis, and their various laboratories will be
the main centres from which the operations of this Hygienic Army shall
be directed.

To the incredulous, again, it may be said, these conditions are coming,
not because they are being sought, nor even desired, but they will be
thrust upon us through the force of economic necessity.




UNITED DRUG COMPANY CONTROLS GUTH PRODUCTS.


The United Drug Company, of Boston, has acquired control of the Guth
Chocolate Company. The Guth Company makes several confectionery brands.
It is stated that the United Drug Company now controls the Liggett
and Daggett candy companies and these will be combined with the Guth
Company into the United Candy Company.

The United Drug Company will shortly open in the new Grand Central
station in New York what is advertised to be the largest drug store in
the world, the fixtures alone costing between $75,000 and $80,000. The
United Drug Company operates about fifty-five drug stores and sells
goods in about 5500 stores throughout the country.

As indicating the growth of this company’s business, it is stated
that nearly one million square feet of space is now utilized for
manufacturing purposes.--_Printers’ Ink._




New Stores and Their Owners


Dr. J. B. Freeman, of Bridgeport, Ala., has opened a drug store in
Springfield, Tenn.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. L. L. Floyd, Plainville, Ga., will build an up-to-date two-story
brick building for a drug store, which will be opened soon.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Will Childdress is opening a new drug store in Monette, Ark. He
will occupy the Simon Building.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. C. N. Barnett has opened a drug store in Clarkston, Ga. This has
been a long-needed institution in Clarkston. The soda fountain is an
attraction for the young people of the town, too.

       *       *       *       *       *

A new drug store is being opened in Rockwell, N. C., by Mr. H. W.
Barnhardt.

       *       *       *       *       *

Drs. Lipscomb and Hockenhull have installed a drug store in the Bank
Corner, Cumming, Ga. The owners will run the drug store in connection
with their practice. A waiting room, consultation room and a laboratory
will occupy one-half of the building, while the remainder will be given
up to the drug store.

       *       *       *       *       *

It is announced by A. R. Keen, the manager of the Georgian Terrace,
Atlanta’s handsome hotel for tourists, that a prescription drug store
will be opened in the large room in the north corner of the hotel. The
store will be opened this summer, and will be the first drug store in
Atlanta to be located inside a hotel.

       *       *       *       *       *

The new store of Griffith & Wellons, Marietta, Ga., has been opened
and is doing a rushing business. The opening day was a very important
occasion for the store, a large crowd being attracted by the music and
decorations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Frank A. Delgado has opened a new store at Fourth and Main streets,
Jacksonville, Fla. Among the up-to-date fixtures of the new store is a
very modern soda fountain.

       *       *       *       *       *

It is announced that Tarrytown, Ga., is to have a new drug store, which
will be conducted by Dr. Culpeper.

       *       *       *       *       *

Sam E. Welfare has opened a new drug store at Winston-Salem, N. C.

       *       *       *       *       *

The E. D. F. Pharmacy, Blackville, S. C., has been commissioned.
Capital, $3000. Petitioners are C. A. Epps, J. G. DeLorme and J. M.
Fleming.

       *       *       *       *       *

A voluntary petition in bankruptcy has been filed by Sol. Fiegelson,
doing business as the Ineeda Pharmacy, 2001 Jackson street, Houston,
Tex.

       *       *       *       *       *

O. L. Bailey, of Ocean Springs, Miss., and R. H. Lewis, Jr., of
Gulfport, Miss., have purchased the Ocean Springs drug store, which
will be managed by Mr. Lewis. Extensive improvements will be made.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. John B. Blalock, formerly of Marion, Ala., has entered the drug
business in Sheffield, Ala.

       *       *       *       *       *

Robert M. Green & Sons, of Philadelphia, have opened a show room in
Atlanta, which is in charge of Mr. J. L. Shipp. There are very many
handsome Green fountains in the South, among them being the fountains
in the following named stores: T. H. Howard, Augusta, Ga.; Jerry
George, Savannah, Ga., and the Journal Building Fountain, Atlanta, Ga.




THE DIXIE DRUGGIST

A MONTHLY PUBLICATION COVERING THE DRUG TRADE OF THE SOUTHERN STATES.

Blackwelder-Riddle Building Hickory, N. C.


    Subscriptions      $1.00 a year
    Foreign Countries   2.00   ”
    Single Copies       15 cents

Subscriptions payable in advance

       *       *       *       *       *

The Dixie Druggist is issued on the 15th of the month. News items and
notices intended for any special issue should reach us not later than
the first of the month.

       *       *       *       *       *

Advertising Rates will be supplied on application to the Advertising
Manager. Cuts and copy intended for any issue must be in our office on
the first of the month for which they are intended.

Vol. 1 May, 1913 No. 2

       *       *       *       *       *

A THOUGHT FOR MAY.

    All nature is but art, unknown to thee;
    All chance direction, which thou canst not see;
    All discord, harmony not understood;
    All partial evil, universal good;
    And spite of pride, in erring reason’s spite,
    One truth is clear, whatever is, is right.
                                              --_Pope._

       *       *       *       *       *

WINDOW DISPLAYS.

A great many druggists put too little stress upon the importance of the
window display. It is a very frequent thing to see good window space
going to waste. Too often the clerk is left to “put in anything” and
puts it in just “any old way.” This should not be.

If your window is worth the time and talents of an expert window
decorator, such as are sent out by the national advertisers, is it not
worth the time--spare time, let us say--of your clerk? It is a mighty
poor window that a national advertiser will not jump at the chance to
decorate for you. The chances are that nearly every retail druggist
in the South has one very good window. Take advantage of it. Make a
carefully-planned window display and you will be agreeably surprised at
the interest it will attract. That is what your store needs.

       *       *       *       *       *

Subscriptions to THE DIXIE DRUGGIST are coming in every day. Have you
sent in yours? Our next number may have a single article that will be
worth more than a year’s subscription to you. You don’t want to miss
these good things.




BALTIMORE DRUG EXCHANGE


Standing committees of the Baltimore Drug Exchange for the ensuing
year are as follows: Legislation, R. A. McCormick, of McCormick &
Co., chairman; A. C. Meyer, of A. C. Meyer & Co.; J. F. Hines and
Parker Cook, of the Emerson Drug Co.; Dr. A. R. L. Dohme, of Sharp
& Dohme; Horace Burrough, of the Burrough Bros. Mfg. Co.; James
Owens, of Carr, Owens & Co.; A. E. Mealy, of Gilbert Bros. & Co.;
Allen Carter, of the Resinol Co.; John A. Yakle, of the Kohler Mfg.
Co., and James E. Hancock, of John F. Hancock & Son. Membership and
Entertainment, J. Emory Bond, of Parke, Davis & Co., chairman; George
A. Armor, of McCormick & Co.; Parker Cook, of the Emerson Drug Co.,
and H. A. Brawner, of Swindell Bros. Public Improvements and Trade
Interests, W. M. McCormick, of McCormick & Co.; A. G. Stollenwerck, of
the Resor-Bisnol Co., and C. Wilbur Miller, of the Davison Chemical
Co. Credits and Collections, James Owens, chairman. Publicity, A. E.
Mealy, chairman; A. C. Meyer and J. Emory Bond. Auditors, James Owens,
chairman, and A. C. Meyer.




DEMAND FOR GOOD PHARMACISTS.


On another page mention is made of the difficulty one man has been
having in securing good men for pharmaceutical positions, and this is
only one instance of many that have occurred during the past year.
Employers who are willing to pay first-class salaries to good men
have been unable to get them, the supply being not nearly up to the
demand. For a number of years all of the best men of the graduating
class have been engaged long before they had completed their course in
college, the medium grade men have been easily placed, and even the
poorest students have had little difficulty in getting fair positions
and holding them. The only men who have had any great difficulty in
securing satisfactory berths have been those who have been too lazy
to work, or who have had other traits of general character that no
employer would wish in any of his employes. Never in the history
of the College has there been a better demand for first-class men,
and it is doubtful if there ever has been a time when there were so
few good men available. Despite the pessimism that exists in the
minds of some people as to lack of opportunity for a young man to
advance in pharmacy, it is a fact that there are still many excellent
opportunities for those who are ambitious enough to fit themselves for
good positions. There is no room in any business for the shiftless and
lazy.--_Bulletin of the Philadelphia College of Pharmacy._




ALABAMA BOARD OF PHARMACY.


The Alabama Board of Pharmacy does not recognize diplomas from any
college of pharmacy or medicine. Has reciprocal exchange with those
States that accord same courtesy, provided applicant holds certificate
by examination and required experience.

All applicants for a Pharmacist license must be 21 years of age, with
four years’ practical experience (two years’ credit given for college
diploma), general average, 75 per cent. in all branches, and not less
than 60 in any one. Assistants must be 18 years of age and make 60 per
cent. general average.

Applications must be sent to the secretary not less than five days
before the meeting of the Board, accompanied with affidavit from
parties with whom you have worked, showing your practical experience.

Examinations had in Chemistry, Materia Medica, Practical and
Theoretical Pharmacy and Prescription Work.

Fees: Pharmacist, $5.00; assistant, $3.00.

Next meeting of the Board will be held on the ninth day of June, 1913,
at Talladega Springs, Ala.

E. P. GALT, Secretary, Selma, Ala.




LOUISIANA EXAMINATIONS.


The February examinations held at Tulane University, New Orleans,
resulted in the following 27 of 42 applicants being passed for
registration:

Registered Pharmacists--Mrs. Gertrude Berensohn, New Orleans; Miss
Helen C. Bell, Bunkie; Gaspar R. Rosetta, Jos. L. Bernaur, Geo. V.
Vlaren, Jos. D. Fossier, Edwood Koffskey, New Orleans; Jos. Ward
Cappel, Marksville; F. L. Delahoussay, Lafayette; Eugene Eleazer,
Kaplan; W. Mertz Graves, Mer Rouge; Jos. Hugh Goldsby, Amite; Robt.
Jos. Hollier, Abbeville; Jos. C. Hanley, Lake Providence; Andrew L.
Rachal, Alexandria; N. C. Richard, Donaldsonville; John F. Sullivan,
Lake Providence; Alvin L. Woods, Lutcher; W. M. Windham, Sulphur, and
Elzie H. White, Dodson, La.

Qualified Assistants--L. J. Maloney, New Orleans; Maurice Broussard,
Loreauville; Anthony P. Kennair and Ernest J. Vicknar, John H. Cason,
R. H. Donaway and A. O. Lee, of New Orleans.




SEND US.


Send us a photograph of your store; a new idea for a window display; a
different way to advertise; anything new you have learned and feel like
passing on to your brother-druggist.




FLORIDA BOARD OF PHARMACY.


The Board of Pharmacy of the State of Florida will conduct its Summer
Examination of applicants for registration as pharmacists in the Board
of Health Building, Tampa, Fla., commencing at 9 A. M., June 9th, and
continuing two days.

It is required that the applicant be at least 18 years of age, and that
he submit proof of four years’ experience in the practice of pharmacy,
actual time spent in a college of pharmacy to be credited as such.

Fee for examination, $15. Application and fee should be filed in the
office of the secretary at least ten days prior to the examination.

D. W. RAMSAUR, Secretary, Palatka, Fla.




VIRGINIA EXAMINATIONS.


Examinations for registration in Pharmacy, held by the Board of
Pharmacy of the Commonwealth of Virginia, April 15, resulted in the
following successful applicants:

Registered Pharmacists--J. M. Hord, L. H. Cosby, H. T. Haley, G. W.
Hudson, Max Schwartz and J. G. Gilkeson, all of Richmond; W. A. Smith,
K. D. Taylor and R. V. Nelliger, all of Norfolk; P. H. Reynolds,
Parker; R. J. Borden, Staunton; R. G. Garrett, Lynchburg; H. L. Brown,
Roanoke; G. E. Heller, Bedford; R. N. S. Griffin, Danville, and F. J.
Stoll, New York, N. Y.

Registered Assistant Pharmacists--J. B. Spiggle, J. W. Wightman, R. L.
Miller, T. A. Ligon, G. L. Miller, R. K. Hawkins, G. B. Updike and C.
L. Ingram, all of Richmond; F. W. Martin and H. W. Layden, of Norfolk;
H. S. Ramsey, Bedford; G. H. Parker, Jr., Franklin; R. F. Parks,
Culpeper, and G. W. Woodward, of Charlottesville.

Mr. W. L. Lyle, Bedford, Va., qualified as a member of the Board of
Pharmacy, succeeding G. T. Mankin, of Falls Church, whose term had
expired.




FACTS ABOUT THE SOUTH.


Former Vice-President Fairbanks says, “The new South is a realistic
fact--not an idle fancy.”

       *       *       *       *       *

One-fourth of the United States entire export trade for over a quarter
of a century has been the South’s cotton.

       *       *       *       *       *

The South produces practically all the phosphate used in the United
States, and more than two-thirds of the fertilizers.

       *       *       *       *       *

During the past thirty-two years the value of the South’s cotton
surpassed the world’s entire output of both gold and silver by over
$5,000,000,000.




THE LURE OF THE “FIZZ.”


[Illustration: AN AMERICAN SODA FOUNTAIN IN MANILA SELLING BEVERAGES
FROM THE SOUTH]

Few things appeal to us and capture our fancy like a bubbling spring.
As it comes sparkling out of the cool depths of the earth it smiles up
at us in the friendliest way, like some shy, living creature, inviting
us to come and slake our thirst. The mere sight of a spring usually
makes us thirsty at once, no matter how recently we may have filled up
on tap water or well water.

No little of the charm of the soda fountain is due to the rush and
bubble hissing and swirling and foaming into the glass. And who can
tell how much of the fatal seductiveness of equally effervescent but
less innocent beverages, with their crimson sparkle or creamy foam,
or “purple bubbles winking on the brim,” may be due to their hypnotic
appeal to our fascinated eye, as we “look upon the wine when it is red,
when it moveth itself aright?”

Certain it is that the most popular and irresistible liquors, from
lowly lager to lordly champagne, are those that sparkle and foam and
bite, with the keen, fresh tang of carbonic acid gas. Even whiskey
has to be mixed with something sparkling, “soda” or “Polly,” in order
to make it attractive to the eye or even to the palate, except of the
educated or jaded minority.

No small amount of the charm of “fizzy” drinks, whether innocent or
hurtful, lies in the “fizz.” The motto, “All fizz abandon, ye who enter
here!” over the door of every saloon and bar, if enforced, would well
nigh sound the death knell of drunkenness.--_Woods Hutchinson, A. M.,
M. D., in Everybody’s Magazine._




ITEMS OF INTEREST


Mr. J. W. Caton, a 1912 graduate of the Philadelphia College of
Pharmacy is in charge of one of the stores of the Knight Drug Company,
Savannah, Ga.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. H. A. Ross, who was apothecary at the Pennsylvania Hospital, 49th
and Market streets, Philadelphia, is located at Okolona, Ark.

       *       *       *       *       *

A new brick building, two stories, and having a frontage of 50 feet,
has been erected for the Teague Drug Company, Teague, Texas.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Robert B. Melcher, who was at one time connected with the retail
drug trade of Louisville, Ky., and more recently called on the Southern
drug trade in the interests of a jobbing house, died in Atlanta,
recently.




Old Stores in New Hands


Mr. D. A. Elvington, formerly with Mr. R. R. Bellamy, Wilmington, N.
C., has purchased of Mr. Bellamy the store known as the Kingsbury
Pharmacy, at Second and Princess, Wilmington. Mr. Elvington has been
employed at the Hardin Drug Store. Mr. Kingsbury will go to Washington,
D. C., where he will make his home.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Walton Roberts, of Summit, Ga., has purchased the store of the
Brooklet Drug Co., Brooklet, Ga.

       *       *       *       *       *

N. S. and C. S. Meadows have purchased the Birch Pharmacy, Vidalia, Ga.
Mr. N. S. Meadows has been in the employ of the People’s Drug Store at
Vidalia, and Mr. C. S. Meadows has been with the Bulloch Drug Co., at
Statesboro, Ga. They are well equipped to handle the business, which
has been very successfully conducted by Dr. Birch.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Lloyd Waldrop, a druggist formerly connected with the Jacobs’
Drug Stores of Atlanta, Ga., has purchased the Benson Drug Store,
Tallapoosa, Ga. Dr. Benson, the former owner, has retired from the drug
business, after having spent a quarter of a century in charge of this
store.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Bunn Building Pharmacy, Waycross, Ga., which was managed by R. C.
Scruggs, is now under the management of J. C. Register and Cecil Spear.

       *       *       *       *       *

Carpenter Brothers, Greenville, S. C., have purchased the store of E.
C. Jameson & Son, on Buncombe street. Mr. E. C. Jameson will remain
with the store. This makes the sixth store controlled by Carpenter
Brothers. They operate their Main street Store, another at Southern
Railway Depot, one at Woodside Mill, one at Brandon Mill and one at
Ottaray Mill.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Fulton Brothers Drug Store, an old-established business in
Bessemer, Ala., has been sold to J. J. Martin, of Birmingham. Mr.
Martin purchased the interest of Mr. T. R. Fulton a short time ago and
has but recently purchased the interest of Mr. D. H. Fulton, becoming
sole owner of the well known store. Mr. D. H. Fulton, it is understood,
will remain with the store.

       *       *       *       *       *

S. M. Thompson, Decatur, Ala., has sold his interest in the Decatur
Drug Company to Dr. E. S. Price, Tom Petty and T. A. Bowles, all of
whom are well known and popular business men of the Decaturs.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. F. C. Hodges, of Abbeville, S. C., has purchased the stock and
fixtures of the Tate Drug Co., at Calhoun Falls, S. C., and will
continue the business under the name of Hodges Pharmacy.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Watson Drug Company, Augusta, Ga., has purchased the C. H.
Howard Drug Company, of that city. Mr. Jacob Watson is at the head
of the corporation which has applied for a charter. The Howard store
is located at 912 Broad street, and is considered one of the best
locations in Augusta. Mr. Watson came to Augusta from Hawkinsville, Ga.

       *       *       *       *       *

J. R. Berney and F. DeL. Smith have purchased the interest of Mr. P. B.
Harrell in the Berney-Harrell Drug Co., Ensley, Ala. Mr. Harrell has
gone to Selma where he will conduct a store.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Jackson Drug Store, at Griffin, Ga., has been purchased by Mr.
Forbes, of Newton, Ga., while Mr. Rufus Jackson, former proprietor of
the Jackson store, has purchased the Forbes store, at Newton.




LIQUIDS BY PARCEL POST.


The Postmaster General has announced the following amendment, covering
the mailing of liquids by parcel post:

Sec. 22. Admissible liquids and oils, pastes, salves, or other articles
easily liquefiable, will be accepted for mailing regardless of distance
when they conform to the following conditions.

2. When in strong glass bottles holding four ounces or less, the total
quantity sent in one parcel shall not exceed twenty-four ounces, liquid
measure. Each bottle shall be wrapped in paper or other absorbent
substance and placed in a box made of cardboard or other suitable
material and then placed in a box and packed in a container made of
double-faced corrugated pasteboard of good quality. The corners of the
container must fit tightly and be reinforced with tape so as to prevent
the escape of any liquid if the contents should be broken, and the
whole parcel shall be securely wrapped with strong paper and tied with
twine. Single bottles of liquid holding four ounces or less may also be
packed as prescribed in the following paragraph:

3. When in glass bottles holding more than four ounces, the total
quantity sent in one parcel shall not exceed sixteen ounces liquid
measure. The bottle must be very strong and must be inclosed in a block
or tube of metal, wood, papier mache, or similar material; and there
must be provided between the bottle and the block or tube a cushion of
cotton, felt or other absorbent. The block or tube must be at least
five thirty-seconds of an inch thick in its thinnest part for bottles
holding eight ounces or less, and at least three-sixteenths of an inch
for bottles holding more than eight ounces. The block or tube must be
rendered water-tight by an application on the inside of paraffin or
other suitable substances and must be closed by a screw-top cover with
sufficient screw threads to require at least one and one-half complete
turns before it will come off. The cover must be provided with a washer
so that no liquid will escape if the bottle should be broken.

4. When in a metal container, the weight of the parcel must not exceed
eleven pounds. The container must be hermetically sealed, inclosed in
a strong box and securely wrapped.

5. All packages containing liquid must be marked “FRAGILE.”

A. S. BURLESON, Postmaster General.




STRANG SUCCEEDS NEILLY.


David Strang succeeds William C. Neilly as advertising manager of the
United Drug Company, Boston (Rexall). Mr. Strang has been assistant
advertising manager. Mr. Neilly becomes treasurer of the Syndicate
Publishing Company, of New York. He is succeeded as president of the
United Drug Company, Ltd., of Canada, by Mr. J. J. Allen, of Ottawa.




SURE THING.


The Guest--“When I asked you if you had given me a quiet room you said
that after 9 o’clock I could hear a pin drop, and now I find it’s right
over a bowling alley.”

The Night Clerk--“Well, can’t you hear ’em drop?”--_Hartford Post._




    [Illustration]

    READY! IT’S PARK & TILFORD’S TEMPTINGLY DELICIOUS CHOCOLATES
    AND BON BONS

    FOR SALE EVERYWHERE

    PARK & TILFORD’S CANDY FACTORY

    72nd STREET & COLUMBUS AVENUE NEW YORK

    OFFICES AND SHOWROOMS

    449-453 W. 42ND STREET




How Some Druggists Advertise


ICE CREAM.

Orders taken in any quantity for family use. Standard quality,
possessing distinctive flavor. Quick delivery. Fresh strawberry ice
cream, vanilla, chocolate. Fresh strawberry sherbet. If you want real
good ice cream, ’phone your order today.--_Van Smith Drug Store,
Austin, Tex._

       *       *       *       *       *

Summer days are ice cream days, and you want the best cream obtainable.
Call us up. You’ll find we have the best and that the price is
right.--_Boughton’s, Mansfield, O._

       *       *       *       *       *

Ice cream that is pure, wholesome and delicious, made from fresh,
rich cream and the finest of fruit flavors, will be delivered to
your home in any quantity. We give all orders our prompt and careful
attention.--_Bell’s, St. Joseph, Mo._

       *       *       *       *       *

You should surely serve Milton Ice Cream every Sunday and at least one
other day during the week. The dessert provided on these days will be
the most delicious imaginable and a continued enjoyment to every member
of the family.--_Milton Dairy Co., St. Paul, Minn._


STATIONERY.

At this season of the year, owing to absence of friends, a great deal
of stationery is used. One of our most important departments is our
Stationery Department. We carry an immense line of all the newest
conceits in writing paper, white, in colors and with borders. We are
making special prices on fine stationery for summer use and suggest
that you place your order now, either for calling cards, monogram
stationery, or high-grade writing papers. Let us have your order now;
we will fill it promptly.--_Jaccard’s, St. Louis, Mo._


DRUGS.

Sunburn Is Painful--The disagreeable features of the outing can be
prevented by the use of Snowatine. It soothes the pain, prevents the
prickly irritation and keeps the skin soft and smooth.--_The Modern
Pharmacy, Binghamton, N. Y._

       *       *       *       *       *

This is a world of progress and change and in no part of it is progress
more continuous than in pharmacy. Those who fail to advance with it
soon fall to the rear of the procession. Our constant effort is to
keep abreast of all advances so that our customers may be insured
the benefit of the best goods and the latest and most scientific
service.--_Gillespie and Reiber, St. Joseph, Mich._

       *       *       *       *       *

When you think of pure drugs, high grade toilet articles, etc.--

When you think of accurately compounded prescriptions--

When you think of exceptional drug service--

And reasonable prices--

Think of Miller’s Pharmacy, _“The Quality Corner,” Chattanooga, Tenn._

       *       *       *       *       *

Prescription economy does not mean to buy medicines where you can get
them the cheapest--unless you can be sure of absolute purity, freshness
and medicinal activity. Bring your prescriptions to us and we know that
you will get the best and not pay too much for it, either. This is
prescription economy.--_Curtin and Perkins, St. Joseph, Mo._

       *       *       *       *       *

We may not be the nearest drug store to you, but we will come the
nearest to pleasing you, both in service and quality.--_Miller’s
Pharmacy, Chattanooga, Tenn._




LITTLE BITS OF NEWS.


The Pension Office estimates, according to a correspondent of the
_Public Ledger_, that the last soldier of the Civil War will die in
1955. This estimate is in accordance with the results obtained by
students of vital statistics. A veteran who survives until 1955 will
have lived 90 years after the close of the war. The last veteran of the
war of 1812 died in New York a few years ago, after having lived more
than 90 years after the close of that war, while the last soldier of
the Revolutionary war lived 86 years after peace was declared.

       *       *       *       *       *

The United States last year imported 153,000,000 pounds of cocoa, the
greatest amount on record.

       *       *       *       *       *

Coffee from the region around Oaxaca, Central Mexico, is said by
experts to compare with the best Java.

       *       *       *       *       *

Olive oil produced in Austria last year totaled 1,609,064 gallons,
while the output in 1911 and 1910 was 1,956,921 and 820,787 gallons,
respectively.

       *       *       *       *       *

Honduras has one central university, located at Tegucigalpa, and five
normal schools, at Tegucigalpa, San Pedro Sula, Santa Rosa, Comayagua
and Santa Barbara. Over these the Minister of Public Instruction at
Tegucigalpa, the capital, has direct control.

       *       *       *       *       *

Reference has been made to the word cyclone as applied to the storms
in the West. We are told by authorities that a cyclone sweeps over
hundreds of miles of sea or shore, while a tornado, although having
the same whirling motion, is never wider than a mile. The Omaha storm,
while destroying a territory 24 blocks in length, confined itself
to a width of only about two blocks. Had it been a cyclone of equal
strength, we are informed, nothing of the Omaha section would have
escaped destruction.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Cigar Manufacturers’ Association, of Tampa, Fla., proposes a plan,
so says the _Tobacco Leaf_, to obtain legislation giving makers of
clear Havana cigars the privilege of making their goods under the
supervision of the Government. The plan is to have clear Havanas
labeled as such by the Government and mixed and domestic goods to bear
labels testifying to their “character.”




A MEXICAN “FOLLOW-UP.”


Awnings. Cannons may tear them, but we repair them. International Tent
and Awning Company. Calle Dolores 4.--_Ad in The Mexican Herald._




    [Illustration]

    Style No. 269

    Why a Torsion Balance

    It is accurate and remains so.

    It has no knife edges to wear or shift.

    It is quick.

    It can be operated with an arrest without injury.

    It justly has the reputation of highest quality.

    THE TORSION BALANCE COMPANY

    Office: 92 Reade Street, New York, N. Y.

    Factory and Shipping Address:

    147-9 Eighth Street, Jersey City, N. J.




    On and Off the Shelves

    When you buy CARDUI you shorten the time between purchase and
    sale, down to the lowest possible point.

    Because the advertising behind

    CARDUI

    and the great popularity of this remedy have been found to
    “turn” it quickly.

    That’s what you want--a quick “turnover.” It’s the only way to
    make big annual profits.

    CHATTANOOGA MEDICINE CO.

    CHATTANOOGA ST. LOUIS




News of Interest to the Drug Trade


EGBERT C. REESE.

Mr. E. C. Reese, for many years manager of the Chicago Branch of The
Coca-Cola Company, died at his home in Chicago on April 3. Mr. Reese
was a well-known and very popular man in the drug trade world. He was
70 years of age.

       *       *       *       *       *

Coleman’s Pharmacy, Helena, Ga., has made an assignment in favor of its
creditors, the largest being local banks.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. Stack Branch, Ludowici, Ga., is the proprietor of a very modern
and up-to-date drug store in his town. He is enjoying a very excellent
trade.

       *       *       *       *       *

A drug store was one of the buildings entirely destroyed by a recent
fire in Smithville, Ga.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Staples Drug Company Building, Edna, Texas, has had another store
added to it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. C. L. Rabun, of Thomasville, Ga., is now in charge of the Jefferson
Theatre Pharmacy, St. Augustine, Fla. He has associated with him Mr. R.
L. Furman.

       *       *       *       *       *

John P. Cox has purchased the store of C. E. Gillespie, at Hazen, Ark.

       *       *       *       *       *

G. M. Chatfield has purchased the E. C. Spann store at Dexter and Perry
streets, Montgomery, Ala. Mr. Chatfield is well known in the drug trade
of Montgomery.

       *       *       *       *       *

The George A. Kelly Company, Pittsburgh, Pa., announces that the
company now occupies new offices and warehouse at Anderson street and
Duquesne Way, Pittsburgh.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Associated Drug Stores Company has leased the building on the
northeast corner of Lexington street and Park avenue for its fourth
drug store in Baltimore. The building is now occupied by the Hopkins
Drug Company and will be altered and renovated before occupation on
July 1.

       *       *       *       *       *

Lawrence Jenkins, of Forest City, N. C., will open a store at Maiden,
N. C., early in the month of May, moving his equipment from Forest City.

       *       *       *       *       *

Articles of incorporation have been filed by the West Gadsden
Drug Company, Gadsden, Ala. Officers are; President, L. E. Lokey;
vice-president, Louis Lokey; secretary, R. R. Dunaway.

       *       *       *       *       *

Tom Haralson, Sr., has purchased the People’s Drug Store, the colored
store of Jackson, Tenn.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mr. E. P. Jepson, formerly with Lamar & Rankin Dr. Co., Atlanta,
Ga., expects to be connected with Dean, Ely & Robertson Drug Co.,
Birmingham, Ala.




FIGHT OVER 90 CENTS; TWO DIE.

Druggist Killed by Employe, Who Then Ends Own Life.

(_By the Associated Press_)


Dewey, Okla., April 5.--A controversy over 90 cents between John
W. Ray, a druggist, and G. A. Hillerbert, who was employed by Ray,
culminated in the death of both men here last night. Ray was shot and
killed as he stood in the rear of his store, and the authorities did
not learn the identity of his slayer until today, when they found
the body of Hillerbert, concealed in a closet on the premises. After
shooting Ray Hillerbert ran into the closet and killed himself.




HOW SOME DRUGGISTS ADVERTISE


When you come shopping bring that prescription to our drug store and it
will be carefully compounded and ready for you when your shopping is
over. Prescriptions here are filled in the most careful manner. We use
drugs of the highest quality.--_The Wm. Hengerer Co., Buffalo, N. Y._

       *       *       *       *       *

The Drug Store--the coolest place in town. If we haven’t what you want
we will get it for you at once.--_Williams’ Drug Store, Folkston, Ga._

       *       *       *       *       *

At all seasons be sure to bring or send your prescriptions to us,
and be sure of drugs of known quality and freshness. Ample and
adequate facilities for scientific compounding, knowledge and
training in our work. There’s the combination for safety, results and
satisfaction.--_Rose Drug Co., St. Joseph, Mo._

       *       *       *       *       *

Recovery Is Doubtful if the quality of the Drugs and Medicines given a
patient is not above doubt.

We spare no effort in obtaining the purest and most reliable goods.
Efficiency is dependent upon freshness in almost all Drugs, and all
Prescriptions are compounded from Drugs which have not deteriorated
through age.

Accuracy is the strong feature of our Prescription Department.--_The
White Cross Pharmacy, Rutland, Vt._

       *       *       *       *       *

Our Belmont Linen unusual stationery value. Each box of Belmont Linen
contains fifty sheets of strictly high grade Linen Paper with fifty
Envelopes to match. In all our years of stationery selling, we’ve never
seen the equal of this dependable stationery at so small a price. Get a
box when you’re in tomorrow.--_The Strouss-Hirshberg Co., Youngstown,
Ohio._

       *       *       *       *       *

More Contract Irish Linen Stationery, a pound, 30c. Yes, it is real
linen, too, made by Whitting, made for us under contract at certain
periods of the year when the making can be done for less, and instead
of being in fancy boxes, it is in neat sealed packages. There’s 108
sheets to a pound.--_S. P. Dunham and Co., Trenton, N. J._




    LABELS FOR DRUGGISTS

    Send us samples of what you are using and we’ll quote you low
    prices.

    GEORGE TOWNSEND CO.

    _Labels and Advertising Stickers_

    146 N. Seventh Street, Philadelphia




    FOR SALE

    A Drug Store in a Southern City.

    This is an old established business and is a good opportunity
    for a live man to take hold and make money.

    _For further information, address_

    M. V. G., Care The Dixie Druggist

    Hickory, N. C.




Recent Incorporations


The Quisenberry-Rice Drug Co., Rogers, Ark., capital $10,000.
Incorporators: M. H. Rice, B. W. Quisenberry and W. B. Holyfield.

       *       *       *       *       *

Kentucky Drug Company, Lexington, Ky., capital stock $10,000.
Incorporators: J. Hughes Rice, Lucy Rice Willis and Orpha Scott.

       *       *       *       *       *

Central Drug Co., Spartansburg, S. C.; capital $12,000. Officers named
are: Isaac Andrews, president; G. de Foix Wilson, vice-president, and
R. E. Kibler, secretary-treasurer.

       *       *       *       *       *

Farmers Drug Co., Hemingway, S. C.; capital $5000. Incorporators: E. A.
Simmons, P. B. Watson.

       *       *       *       *       *

Nelson County Drug Co., Shipman, Va.; capital $2000. Incorporators: T.
H. McGinnis, R. H. Trice and C. A. Davis.

       *       *       *       *       *

Covey & Martin Co., Fort Worth, Tex., has been incorporated by J. W.
Covey, C. C. Martin and E. J. Brock.

       *       *       *       *       *

Swannonoa Pharmacy, Black Mountain, N. C.; authorized capital $5000,
and $2000 paid in. Incorporators: N. B. Pool, R. L. Boyd and B. C.
Carpenter.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Allain Drug Company, Morgan City, La., organized by Dr. W. J.
McClellan, president; Dr. J. C. Berwick, vice-president, and Mr. V. F.
Allain, secretary. The new company acquires the stock of Dr. McClellan,
and has a capital of $15,000.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ford’s Drug Store, Jackson, Miss.; capital $50,000. Incorporators: J.
G. Ford, R. E. Taliaferro, et al.

       *       *       *       *       *

Doster Brothers-Bruce Company, Greenville, S. C.; capital $20,000.
J. B. Bruce, president; J. T. Doster, vice-president; D. L. Doster,
secretary and general manager.

       *       *       *       *       *

Public Drug Company, Houston, Texas; capital $15,000. Incorporators: G.
W. Stolte, George Elrod and Frank A. Forbes.

       *       *       *       *       *

Taylor-Bennett Drug Company, Louisville, Ky.; capital stock $20,000.
Incorporators: E. H. Bennett, T. P. Taylor and H. A. Taylor.

       *       *       *       *       *

Stephenville Drug and Jewelry Company, Stephenville, Texas; capital
stock $5000. Incorporators: T. H. Perry, L. H. Perry, Pattys Perry.

       *       *       *       *       *

Crighton Drug Company, Conroe, Montgomery county, Texas; capital stock
$10,000. Incorporators: O. C. Lang, H. R. Moore, H. M. Crighton.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Philip P. Cresap Company, formed to manufacture pharmaceutical
preparations in New Orleans. Capitalized at $25,000. Officers are: J.
J. Weinfurter, president; E. O. Cresap, vice-president; Philip Cresap,
secretary-treasurer and manager.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Consolidated Drug Company, Doerun, Colquitt county, Ga.; capital
$5000, with privilege of increasing to $10,000. Petitioners: C. A.
Edwards, W. M. Smith, A. H. Fussell and A. C. Fussell.

       *       *       *       *       *

Coupland Drug Company, Texas; capital $7000. Incorporators: W. C.
White, Alfred Albers, A. L. Kimmens.




Jokes We Have Met

“Capsules of Cheer”


KNEW MORE THAN THE CAPTAIN.

Capt. Robert C. Warr, about to retire from sea life after 49 years of
it, said on the Campania:

“Yes, it is true that sea captains are sometimes annoyed by passengers
who think they know more about navigation than the navigator himself.

“I know a captain to whom a passenger once said:

“‘What town is this we are approaching cap?’

“‘Derwent, sir.’

“‘No, cap, you are mistaken. Look at this map here. According to this
map it’s Fordham-on-Tyne.’

“The captain said nothing, and a moment later the passenger asked:

“‘What channel is that, captain?’

“‘Egg Channel, sir.’

“‘Why, man, you’re wrong again! The map gives it as Mellins channel.’

“Three or four times this sort of thing went on. Then the passenger,
pointing to a gull, said:

“‘What kind of a gull is that, cap?’

“‘Look at your map and find out,’ the captain gruffly
answered.”--_Washington Star._


CLOTHES AND THE MAN.

It is doubtful if “Uncle Joe” Cannon ever owned a silk hat. Nobody
around Washington remembers seeing him wear one. Next to his cigar,
nothing is quite so familiar to his friend as the type of black soft
hat which he has made famous. It recalls an amusing incident that
occurred in the old Arlington hotel a few years ago.

Mr. Cannon strolled into the place one evening with his secretary,
L. White Busbey. Now it happened that Busbey was always a good
deal heavier on dress than his chief. This particular night he was
immaculate.

A man in the lobby was showing a visitor the sights.

“There’s ‘Uncle Joe’ Cannon,” he said, nudging the stranger.

“You don’t tell me,” exclaimed the visitor, looking at Busbey. “Who is
that old slouch with him.”--_Kansas City Star._


SUFFICIENT EVIDENCE.

“You drank too much punch at that reception yesterday.”

“Who saw me drink too much?”

“It wasn’t necessary to total up. When I came in you were holding an
animated conversation with the piano lamp.”--_Washington Herald._


FOREHANDED.

A German shoemaker left the gas turned on in his shop one night, and
on arriving in the morning struck a match to light it. There was a
terrific explosion and the shoemaker was blown out through the door
almost to the middle of the street.

A passerby rushed to his assistance and after helping him to rise
inquired if he was injured.

The little German gazed at his place of business, which was now burning
quite briskly, and said.

“No, I ain’t hurt. But I got out shust in time, eh.”--_What to Eat._


GRANDFATHER’S CRITICISM.

The christening party consisted of the proud father, the baby--a
girl--the grandfather and the rest of the folks. The grandfather stood
nearest the priest during the ceremony.

“What’s the child’s name?” asked the priest of the grandfather at the
appropriate moment.

“I dunno,” the grandfather replied. And he turned to the father and
whispered hoarsely: “What’s its name?”

“Hazel,” replied the father.

“What?” asked the grandfather.

“Hazel,” repeated the father.

The grandfather threw up his hands in disgust.

“What d’ye think av that?” he asked the priest. “With the calendar
av the saints full av gur-rl names--an’ him namin’ his after a
nut!”--_Saturday Evening Post._




Boards and Associations


PHARMACEUTICAL ASSOCIATIONS.

  State         Place of      Date      President         Secretary
                Meeting

  ALABAMA       Talladega     1913      C. T. Ruff,       W. E. Bingham,
                Springs                 Montgomery        Tuscaloosa.

  ARKANSAS      Hope          May,      J. Ward, Hope     Miss M. A. Fein,
                              1913                        Little Rock.

  FLORIDA       Tampa         1913      Mason Thornton,   J. H. Houghton,
                                        Ormond            Palatka.

  LOUISIANA                   1913      W. E. Allen,      Geo. W. McDuff,
                                        Monroe            N. Orleans.

  MARYLAND      Ocean City  June 24-27, D. P. Schindel,   E. F. Kelly,
                              1913      Hagersto’n        Roland Park.

  MISSISSIPPI   Gulfport      1913      T. H. Holcomb,    H. M. Fraser,
                                        Greenwood         University.

  NO. CAROLINA  New Bern   June 11-13,  J. G. M. Cordon,  J. G. Beard,
                              1913      Clayton           Chapel Hill.

  OKLAHOMA      Lawton        1913      C. A. Dow,        A. W. Woodmancy,
                                        Ronk Creek        Ok. City.

  SO. CAROLINA  Glenn Springs 1913      O. F. Hart,       F. M. Smith,
                                        Columbia          Charleston.

  TENNESSEE     Memphis       1913      E. C. Finch,      T. J. Shannon,
                                        Waverly           Sharon.

  TEXAS         Galveston     1913      H. C. Jackson,    E. G. Eberly,
                                        Austin            Dallas.

  VIRGINIA      Old Pt.    July 8-11,   C. D. Fox,        E. L. Brandis,
                Comfort       1913      Roanoke           Richmond.

  GEORGIA       Columbus   June 10-11,  J. W. Ridout,     T. A. Cheatham,
                              1913      Macon             Macon.

  A. PH. A.     Nashville, Aug. 25-30,  W. B. Day,        J. H. Beal Scio,
                Tenn.         1913      Milwaukee         Ohio.

  N. W. D. A.   Jacksonville, Nov.,     Albert Plaut,     J. E. Toms,
                Fla.          1913      New York          New York.

  N. A. R. D.   Cincinnati Aug. 25-29,  H. W. Merritt,    T. H. Potts,
                              1913      Plains, Pa.       Chicago.

BOARDS OF PHARMACY.

ALABAMA.--L. C. Lewis, President, Tuskegee, ’14; S. A. Williams, Troy,
’16; W. E. Bingham, Tuscaloosa, ’14; W. P. Thomason, Guntersville, ’15;
E. P. Galt, Secretary, Selma, ’13.

ARKANSAS.--J. B. Bond, President, Little Rock, ’15; J. A. Gibson,
Little Rock, ’14; R. A. Warren, Clarksville, ’16; S. J. McMahon,
Batesville, ’12; J. F. Dowdy, Secretary, Little Rock, ’13.

FLORIDA.--E. Berger, President, Tampa, ’16; Leon Hale, Tampa, ’14; H.
H. D’Alemberte, Pensacola, ’14; W. D. Jones, Jacksonville, ’13; D. W.
Ramsaur, Secretary-Treasurer, Palatka, ’12.

GEORGIA.--H. C. Thuptrine, President, Savannah, ’12; W. S. Elkin, Jr.,
Atlanta, ’16; S. E. Bayne, Macon, ’14; R. H. Land, Augusta, ’13; Herman
Shuptrine, Savannah, ’12; C. D. Jordan, Secretary, Monticello, ’15.

KENTUCKY.--J. H. Martin, President, Winchester, ’12; R. H. White,
Mt. Sterling, ’14; Addison Dimmitt, Louisville, ’15; C. Lewis Diehl,
Louisville, ’13; G. O. Patterson, Hawesville, ’16; J. W. Gayles,
Secretary, Frankfort (not a member).

LOUISIANA.--C. W. Outhwaite, President, New Iberia, ’13; Gustave
Seemann, New Orleans, ’13; Peter Rupp, New Orleans, ’13; E. L. McClung,
Natchitoches, ’13; W. E. Allen, Monroe, ’13; Paul Eckels, Crowley,
’13; M. M. Bradburn, New Orleans, ’13; E. H. Walsdorf, Secretary, New
Orleans, ’13.

MARYLAND.--H. L. Meredith, President, Hagerstown, ’13; W. C. Powell,
Snow Hill, ’17; J. F. Frames, Baltimore, ’16; D. R. Millard, Baltimore,
’15; Ephraim Bacon, Secretary, Roland Park, ’14.

MISSISSIPPI.--H. M. Fraser, President, University; P. J. Fife, Jackson;
S. C. Lindsey, Europa; T. O. Slaughter, Waynesboro; W. W. Ellis,
Secretary, Fayette.

NORTH CAROLINA.--E. V. Zoeller, President, Tarboro, ’12; J. P. Stowe,
Charlotte, ’16; W. W. Horne, Fayetteville. ’15; I. W. Rose, Rocky
Mount, ’13; F. W. Hancock, Sec., Oxford, ’14.

OKLAHOMA.--W. F. Dodd, President, Caddo, ’13; L. D. Brunk, Nowata, ’16;
F. B. Lillie, Guthrie, ’12; J. D. Humphrey, Bristow, ’15; J. C. Burton,
Secretary, Stroud, ’14.

TENNESSEE.--F. W. Ward President, Memphis. ’12; M. E. Hutton,
Nashville, ’13; W. A. McBath, Knoxville, ’16; O. J. Nance, Jackson,
’15; J. B. Sand, Nashville, ’14; Ira B. Clark, Secretary, Nashville
(not a member).

TEXAS.--J. A. Weeks, President, Ballinger, ’13; J. R. Crittenden,
Teague, ’13; W. F. Robertson, Gonzales, ’13; H. C. Jackson, Austin,
’13; H. V. Schumann, New Braunfels, ’13; R. H. Walker, Secretary,
Gonzales (not a member).

SOUTH CAROLINA.--C. A. Milford, President, Abbeville, ’14; J. M.
Oliver, Orangeburg, ’16; H. E. Heinitsch, Jr., Spartanburg, ’12; D. P.
Frierson, Charleston, ’13; L. P. Fouche, Anderson, ’15; D. T. Riley,
Florence, ’17; F. M. Smith, Secretary, Charleston (not a member).

VIRGINIA.--H. S. Arrington, President, Norfolk, ’17; C. P. Kearfott.
Martinsville, ’16; W. L. Lyle, Bedford; J. E. Jackson, Tazewell, ’15;
T. A. Miller, Secretary-Treasurer, Richmond, ’14.




    [Illustration]

    Druggists should stock

    Dr. A. C. Daniels’ Home Treatment for Horse, Dog and Cat

    Free Cabinets, Signs, Window Displays, etc. Best advertised,
    best sellers and warranted to give satisfaction.

    _Write for particulars to_ DR. A. C. DANIELS, 172 Milk Street,
    Boston, Mass.




    [Illustration]

    Catnip Ball

    For Sale By Druggists

    Trade Mark Pat. Reg. U.S. Pat. Off.

    The Toy for Cats

    The big novelty for 10c. Catnip, the real kind in ounce
    packages, cartons, bags, ton and car-load lots.

    _Dr. A. C. Daniels, World’s Headquarters for Catnip._




    THE DIXIE DRUGGIST

    is reaching a trade that you need to get in touch with, Mister
    Manufacturer and if you are thinking of covering

    THE SOUTH

    you will be pleased with the results that we can bring you.

    It will cost you more to send a postal card to these people
    than it will take a page of space with us.

    Put an ad in THE DIXIE DRUGGIST and listen. If you don’t hear
    anything you need to change your business. You haven’t anything
    to sell.




    [Illustration]

    Your Opportunity

    Is knocking at the door. It answers to the name of

    THE DIXIE DRUGGIST

    If you are wise to your business, you will take advantage of
    your opportunity to reach through this journal a prosperous
    trade--the Southern Druggist.

    Remember what we said about the South last month--“it is more
    prosperous every time the sun comes up.”




    [Illustration]

    Has Character

    _Coca-Cola_

    TRADE MARK REGISTERED

    This is no ordinary “drink-it-just-to-be-drinking-something”
    beverage. Coca-Cola has distinctive, individual qualities that
    you will recognize. Just to look at a glass of it tells the
    story--bright, sparkling, clear.

    Delightfully refreshing--completely
    thirst-quenching--absolutely wholesome. It’s worth repeating.

    Delicious--Refreshing

    Thirst-Quenching

    Demand the Genuine--Refuse Substitutes.

    Send for our free Booklet.

    Whenever you see an Arrow think of Coca-Cola.

    THE COCA-COLA COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA.





End of Project Gutenberg's The Dixie Druggist, May, 1913, by Anonymous

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE DIXIE DRUGGIST, MAY, 1913 ***

***** This file should be named 52969-0.txt or 52969-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/2/9/6/52969/

Produced by The Online Distributed Proofreading Team at
http://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
generously made available by The Internet Archive)


Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.org/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org/license

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS' WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org


Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.


Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.


Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
